{
        "Rusty sword" : "Rusty sword",
        "Rusty axe" : "Rusty axe",
        "Knuckles" : "Knuckles",
        "Wooden shield" : "Wooden shield",
        "Iron mace" : "Iron mace",
        "Iron sword" : "Iron sword",
        "Iron axe" : "Iron axe",
        "Iron shield" : "Iron shield",
        "Steel mace" : "Steel mace",
        "Steel sword" : "Steel sword",
        "Steel axe" : "Steel axe",
        "Steel shield" : "Steel shield",
        "Akhil's shield" : "Akhil's shield",
        "Sickle of Kronos" : "Sickle of Kronos",
        "Leather helmet" : "Leather helmet",
        "Leather gloves" : "Leather gloves",
        "Leather cuirass" : "Leather cuirass",
        "Leather leggings" : "Leather leggings",
        "Leather boots" : "Leather boots",
        "Iron helmet" : "Iron helmet",
        "Iron cuirass" : "Iron cuirass",
        "Iron gloves" : "Iron gloves",
        "Iron leggings" : "Iron leggings",
        "Iron boots" : "Iron boots",
        "Steel helmet" : "Steel helmet",
        "Steel gloves" : "Steel gloves",
        "Steel cuirass" : "Steel cuirass",
        "Steel leggings" : "Steel leggings",
        "Steel boots" : "Steel boots",
        "Gosvit" : "Gosvit",
        "Nemean lion skin" : "Gosvit",
        "Talaries" : "Talaries",
        "Potion of dispell" : "Potion of dispell",
        "Lesser healing potion" : "Lesser healing potion",
        "Healing potion" : "Healing potion",
        "Great healing potion" : "Great healing potion",
        "Potion of regeneration" : "Potion of regeneration",
        "Potion of power" : "Potion of power",
        "Potion of endurance" : "Potion of endurance",
        "Potion of haste" : "Potion of haste",
        "Mystery ring" : "Mystery ring",
        "Mystery necklace" : "Mystery necklace",
        "Mystery belt" : "Mystery belt",

        "Experimental": "Experimental",
        "Regeneration": "Regeneration",
        "Burning": "Burning",
        "Intoxication": "Intoxication",
        "Bleeding": "Bleeding",
        "Frostbite": "Frostbite",
        "Shock": "Shock",
        "Weakness": "Weakness",
        "Empower": "Empower",
        "Endurance": "Endurance",
        "Haste": "Haste",
        "Slowdown": "Slowdown",
        "Luck": "Luck",
        "Dispell": "Dispell",
        "Dispell negative" : "Dispell negative",
        "Dispell positive" : "Dispell positive",

	"Following a path in the woods you came across felling, where hardworking loggers were doing their hard work. It seems that they don't have enough working force. Why don't you help them out?" : "Following a path in the woods you came across felling, where hardworking loggers were doing their hard work. It seems that they don't have enough working force. Why don't you help them out?",
	"You did surprisingly well! The lumberjacks are grateful to you for your effort. You were invited to join their camp for the night to have rest. Wonderful, isn't it?" : "You did surprisingly well! The lumberjacks are grateful to you for your effort. You were invited to join their camp for the night to have rest. Wonderful, isn't it?",
	"Maybe it wasn't the best idea to join the loggers with your lacking physique... You were kicked away very quickly.\nYou are now left alone in the damp forest for the night, which is also complemented by sore muscles and cold winds.\nThis event didn't end up good for your health..." : "Maybe it wasn't the best idea to join the loggers with your lacking physique... You were kicked away very quickly.\nYou are now left alone in the damp forest for the night, which is also complemented by sore muscles and cold winds.\nThis event didn't end up good for your health...",
	"*Chop* *Chop*" : "*Chop* *Chop*",

	"Following the path of an adventurer is an interesting journey. Today you found yourself in front of an old abandoned house. Curiosity took better of you and you decided to break in." : "Following the path of an adventurer is an interesting journey. Today you found yourself in front of an old abandoned house. Curiosity took better of you and you decided to break in.",
	"Let's see..." : "Let's see...",
	"You quickly climded to the hole in the roof. Avoiding some sharp obstacles like glass and clinkers, you have successfully entered the house. After doing some interior search you found a shiny piece of jewellery left behind. It was shining mysteriously, almost like ordering you to take it... You just couldn't resist." : "You quickly climded to the hole in the roof. Avoiding some sharp obstacles like glass and clinkers, you have successfully entered the house. After doing some interior search you found a shiny piece of jewellery left behind. It was shining mysteriously, almost like ordering you to take it... You just couldn't resist.",
	"You quickly climbed onto the roof, but you lacked the skill to avoid different sharp obstacles scatterred around. You gave up trying after getting wounded. There were no severe wounds, but the next morning you felt intoxicated, almost as if all the objects in the house were poisoned..." : "You quickly climbed onto the roof, but you lacked the skill to avoid different sharp obstacles scatterred around. You gave up trying after getting wounded. There were no severe wounds, but the next morning you felt intoxicated, almost as if all the objects in the house were poisoned...",
	
	"Today you decided to see if there are any mushrooms in the surrounding forests, but you definetely didn't expect to see such a sight! Mushroom glades of different sorts all over the place. It is time for you to remember the basic survivalist knowledge and make some potions." : "Today you decided to see if there are any mushrooms in the surrounding forests, but you definetely didn't expect to see such a sight! Mushroom glades of different sorts all over the place. It is time for you to remember the basic survivalist knowledge and make some potions.",
	"Add this, add that..." : "Add this, add that...",
	"The consistency is right, the smell is expected, the colour also seems fitting. It was easy to mess up, but you succeeded in making a potion, grats!" : "The consistency is right, the smell is expected, the colour also seems fitting. It was easy to mess up, but you succeeded in making a potion, grats!",
	"Halfway into the process you messed up with both temperature and quantity. Now you're lying, not feeling your legs and hallucinations are flowing into your eyes. You have to rest for a couple of days after such an experience..." : "Halfway into the process you messed up with both temperature and quantity. Now you're lying, not feeling your legs and hallucinations are flowing into your eyes. You have to rest for a couple of days after such an experience..."
}
